Introduction & Role Clarity

Introduce yourself to our subscribers.

What do you work on regularly?

What is your strong zone?

Do you support a single development team or multiple development teams?

🔹 CI/CD Process

What is the CI/CD process?

Explain a CI/CD pipeline that you have implemented.

How do you handle sensitive information for a private Docker registry?

How did you integrate Vault with your pipeline?

Where is Vault running (container, EC2, etc.)?

Do you have different namespaces for each team in Vault?

Are your pipelines same for all environments (Dev, Staging, Prod) or different?

How do you handle Production deployments?

Do you run production from a release branch or tags?

How do GitLab runners work in your setup?

Do you use self-hosted runners or dynamic runners?

What is your Docker-in-Docker setup for runners?

Why are you moving from self-hosted runners to autoscaling runners?

🔹 Kubernetes & EKS

How did you configure your EKS/Kubernetes setup?

Is Argo CD looking at the same repo or a different repo for manifests?

How did you secure your EKS cluster?

Who has access to EKS?

What challenges did you face while integrating GitLab, Argo CD, EKS, Vault, etc.?

🔹 AWS & Terraform

How are you automating infrastructure in AWS?

How do you manage Terraform state in a team environment?

Why do you use DynamoDB with S3 for Terraform?

🔹 Python & Automation

If you are using Terraform for automation, why do you need Python?

Do you use Python in AWS? (Example use case)

Are you using Lambda functions? For what purpose?

🔹 Shell & Ansible

How are you using shell scripting?

Why not use Ansible instead of shell scripting?

Are you using Ansible anywhere?

🔹 Kubernetes Traffic Flow (Advanced)

How does traffic flow inside EKS when an end user accesses your application?

Which Ingress controller are you using?

How does HA differ between Dev, Staging, and Prod clusters?

🔹 Monitoring & Logging

Are you using CloudWatch?

Why are you using CloudWatch?

Are CloudWatch alarms automated or manual?

How do you debug 5xx errors?
